Closes #2091 [Concept Entry] Cybersecurity Penetration Testing (#2130)
Codecademy/docs: content/cybersecurity/concepts/penetration-testing/penetration-testing.md

---
Title: 'Penetration Testing'

> Description: 'Penetration Testing, also referred to as pen testing, involves breaking into a system to better identify cybersecurity weaknesses so that the security posture can be improved.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Penetration testing, also referred to as pen testing, involves attempting to break into a system to better identify cybersecurity weaknesses so that the security posture can be improved.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Cybersecurity'
Tags:
  - 'Cybersecurity'
  - 'Ethical Hacking'
CatalogContent:
  - 'paths/scan-systems-with-nmap'
  - 'introduction-to-ethical-hacking'
---

> **Penetration Testing**, also referred to as pen testing, involves breaking into a system to better identify cybersecurity weaknesses so that the security posture can be improved. It is typically conducted by [ethical hackers](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cybersecurity/hacking) who have an offensive security lens. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Penetration testing**, also referred to as pen testing, involves attempting to break into a system to better identify cybersecurity weaknesses so that the security posture can be improved. It is typically conducted by [ethical hackers](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/cybersecurity/hacking) who have an offensive security lens. 
```
